# Harvard-Data-Science-Capstone
Welcome to Data Science: Capstone! This, the final course in the HarvardX Professional Certificate in Data Science, is very different from the previous courses in the series. Unlike the rest the courses in the Professional Certificate Program, in this course you will receive much less guidance from the instructors. In this capstone course, you will show what you’ve learned so far by working independently on data science projects of your own.  To become an expert data scientist, you need practice and experience. By completing this capstone course, you will get an opportunity to apply the knowledge base and skills in R data analysis you have gained throughout the series, including data visualization, probability, inference and modeling, data wrangling, data organization, regression, and machine learning. If you complete the capstone, you will have a data product to show off to potential employers or educational programs.  This capstone course assumes that you have completed the previous eight courses in the series or have gained the equivalent experience elsewhere.  The class notes for this course series can be found in Professor Irizarry's freely available Introduction to Data Science book External link.  In this course, you will learn: How to apply the knowledge base and skills learned throughout the series to real-world problems How to independently work on a data analysis project Course overview In this course, you will prepare and submit your own data analysis project for peer review (all learners) and prepare and submit your own data analysis project for peer and TA review (Verified track learners only).
